# Music Generator
Study corpus of music, for find Markov chains and finally generate not-totally-random music.



## Transcription
_Objectives :_ get states of multiple musics, in readable format.
_Input :_ paths to wav files
_Output :_ a file where states are described in a FASTA-like format.
_Language :_ Matlab


## DATABASE GENERATION
_Objectives :_ generate database file with the help of FASTA-like files.
_Input :_ path to the FASTA-like formatted file, and parameters for markov model.
_Output :_ pickle formatted file that contain markov model.
_Language :_ Python


## MUSIC GENERATION
_Objectives :_ generate music with the help of markov model.
_Input :_ path to a pickle formatted file that contain a markov model, and meta-data about output.
_Output :_ FASTA-like formatted file that contain generated music, according to input meta-data. (number, size,...)
_Language :_ Python

## States
This is the way for represent music.   
In a first time, we use only name of notes (or number) without indications of tempo, rythms and octave.
As a music does not contain a lot of data only 3Gram analysis will be done.  



## FASTA-like format
Example of FASTA-like format :

    >Au clair de la lune
    sol sol sol la si la sol si la la sol
    >Oh when the saints
    sol si re do sol si re do sol si re do 
    si sol si la si si la sol sol si la re 
    re sol si si la sol si la si sol

Name of a sequence is always before the sequence itself. The name is on one only line, but sequence can be break in multiple lines.

